src/components/homepage/README.md, before:

# Homepage Components

This folder contains all the components for the homepage sections.

## Components

### HeroSection

- **File**: `HeroSection.jsx`
- **Purpose**: Main hero section with animated background, title, and call-to-action buttons
- **Features**:
  - Parallax scrolling effect
  - Framer Motion animations
  - Responsive design
  - Brand strip integration

### BrandStrip

- **File**: `BrandStrip.jsx`
- **Purpose**: Auto-scrolling brand logos strip
- **Features**:
  - Continuous horizontal scrolling animation
  - Uses actual brand logos from `/public/companies_logo/`
  - Hover to pause animation
  - Fallback text for missing logos

### BannerCarousel

- **File**: `BannerCarousel.jsx`
- **Purpose**: Responsive banner carousel with smooth animations
- **Features**:
  - Auto-rotating slides (5-second intervals)
  - Smooth slide transitions with Framer Motion
  - Navigation arrows and dots
  - Progress bar indicator
  - Responsive design for all devices
  - Touch-friendly controls
  - Accessible navigation
  - Hidden on mobile and tablet (desktop only)

### FeaturedSection

- **File**: `FeaturedSection.jsx`
- **Purpose**: Features showcase section highlighting company benefits
- **Features**:
  - Three key features with icons (Quality Check, Replacement, Warranty)
  - Responsive grid layout (1 column mobile, 2 tablet, 3 desktop)
  - Animated icons with hover effects
  - Staggered animations on scroll
  - Call-to-action button
  - Green color scheme for trust and quality

### HomePage

- **File**: `HomePage.jsx`
- **Purpose**: Complete homepage layout (standalone version)
- **Features**:
  - Scroll tracking for hero animations
  - Placeholder for additional sections

## Usage

```jsx
import { HeroSection, BrandStrip, BannerCarousel, FeaturedSection, HomePage } from '../components/homepage';

// Use individual components
<HeroSection scrollY={scrollY} />
<BrandStrip />
<BannerCarousel />
<FeaturedSection />

// Or use the complete homepage
<HomePage />
```

## Assets

The components use images from:

- `/public/hero-section/` - Hero background images
- `/public/companies_logo/` - Brand logos
- `/public/banners/` - Banner carousel images

## Dependencies

- `framer-motion` - For animations
- `react-icons` - For icons (HiShoppingBag)
- `lucide-react` - For navigation icons (ChevronLeft, ChevronRight)

## Styling

CSS animations and styles are defined in `/src/index.css`:

- `.animate-scroll` - Brand strip scrolling animation
- `.home-hero` - Hero section background styling
- `.carousel-slide-enter/exit` - Banner carousel slide animations

Commit message:

Add ShopByBrandSection Component and Styles: introduce ShopByBrandSection for showcasing brands with clickable cards, update HomePage to include the new section, and enhance README with component details and usage instructions, improving brand visibility and user engagement on the homepage.

src/components/homepage/README.md, after:

# Homepage Components

This folder contains all the components for the homepage sections.

## Components

### HeroSection

- **File**: `HeroSection.jsx`
- **Purpose**: Main hero section with animated background, title, and call-to-action buttons
- **Features**:
  - Parallax scrolling effect
  - Framer Motion animations
  - Responsive design
  - Brand strip integration

### BrandStrip

- **File**: `BrandStrip.jsx`
- **Purpose**: Auto-scrolling brand logos strip
- **Features**:
  - Continuous horizontal scrolling animation
  - Uses actual brand logos from `/public/companies_logo/`
  - Hover to pause animation
  - Fallback text for missing logos

### BannerCarousel

- **File**: `BannerCarousel.jsx`
- **Purpose**: Responsive banner carousel with smooth animations
- **Features**:
  - Auto-rotating slides (5-second intervals)
  - Smooth slide transitions with Framer Motion
  - Navigation arrows and dots
  - Progress bar indicator
  - Responsive design for all devices
  - Touch-friendly controls
  - Accessible navigation
  - Hidden on mobile and tablet (desktop only)

### FeaturedSection

- **File**: `FeaturedSection.jsx`
- **Purpose**: Features showcase section highlighting company benefits
- **Features**:
  - Three key features with icons (Quality Check, Replacement, Warranty)
  - Responsive grid layout (1 column mobile, 2 tablet, 3 desktop)
  - Animated icons with hover effects
  - Staggered animations on scroll
  - Call-to-action button
  - Light blue color scheme for trust and quality

### ShopByBrandSection

- **File**: `ShopByBrandSection.jsx`
- **Purpose**: Brand showcase section with clickable brand cards
- **Features**:
  - Four brand cards (Apple, Dell, HP, Lenovo)
  - Clickable cards that navigate to products page with brand filter
  - Responsive grid layout (1 column mobile, 2 tablet, 4 desktop)
  - Hover effects with image scaling and overlay
  - Brand name overlay on each card
  - Error handling for missing images
  - Light gray background with full-width design

### HomePage

- **File**: `HomePage.jsx`
- **Purpose**: Complete homepage layout (standalone version)
- **Features**:
  - Scroll tracking for hero animations
  - Placeholder for additional sections

## Usage

```jsx
import { HeroSection, BrandStrip, BannerCarousel, FeaturedSection, ShopByBrandSection, HomePage } from '../components/homepage';

// Use individual components
<HeroSection scrollY={scrollY} />
<BrandStrip />
<BannerCarousel />
<FeaturedSection />
<ShopByBrandSection />

// Or use the complete homepage
<HomePage />
```

## Assets

The components use images from:

- `/public/hero-section/` - Hero background images
- `/public/companies_logo/` - Brand logos
- `/public/banners/` - Banner carousel images
- `/public/shop_by_brand/` - Brand showcase images

## Dependencies

- `framer-motion` - For animations
- `react-icons` - For icons (HiShoppingBag)
- `lucide-react` - For navigation icons (ChevronLeft, ChevronRight)

## Styling

CSS animations and styles are defined in `/src/index.css`:

- `.animate-scroll` - Brand strip scrolling animation
- `.home-hero` - Hero section background styling
- `.carousel-slide-enter/exit` - Banner carousel slide animations
